contractual marriage
It's like something Jiang Lili did
How is it, Mr. Zhou?
I know you must be interested in Jiang Li's affairs
Why don't we cooperate?
I, I, I, I, I
Am I being that obvious?
OK, how do you want to cooperate?
I offer you Xu Lin An and Jiang Lin's sharing.
You go to Jianglin and wait for you to catch up
Xu Lin'an is mine
OK, deal.
Yes, I agreed.
It's not that hard.
Besides, since the goals are the same
Just go for it.
OK, that's it.
Liu Ba, this table is dirty, throw it away
Where did you go?
Zhou Yuchen invited me to dinner
Let's talk about Zhuang Lan
Why did she invite you to dinner alone again?
Then next time, ask her to add a few more dishes and ask you to come with her?
Jiang Lili
I think she has bad intentions towards you this Zhou Yuchen
Jiang Lili, I checked all your past whereabouts
You have never seen Zhou Yuchen at all
What is the secret between you?